Modern Code in General

you see the very model of the modern code, in general
Has information in from recursive computational
Return ideas of old from pass machines historical
Expression, types, procedural and binary mathematical.
With operator precedence and exception parenthetical 
You’ll bite those mirrors at runtime and fix syntax ungrammatical
About your objects of import constructed with a lot o’ news…
To debug, I assert, a breakpoint, log should always be your logic ruse!

You’ll remove your methods
use parameters write none and yield
Lost objects are collected;
throw their memory; redeployed
In short, in matters in abstract recursive computational
Compile the very model of the modern code, in general.

Cast primitives and method calls to calculate
While ‘for loops’ nonlocal or try round; around to iterate
Void methods’turn with empty hands and if conditions evaluate 
And reasons for a default instance case, do enumerate.
You count in base sixteen and multiply with shifting tricks
You know the global ASCII codes and continue your partner’s merge conflicts
String two class characters With a quote or two-immutable!

And state my class extends one thing, its super-“don’t object” it’s irrefutable!
You comment on your coding and explain that strange parameter
And wrap up your instructions, make your programs small and modular
In long, in matters in abstract recursive computational
Debug the very model of the modern code, in general.

When finally protects the cache of CPUS asynchronous 
When eventful code has callbacks that implement autonomous
A single instance of a class no name to scope anonymous 
Exclusive if statement or sung is in a CS course
When my algorithm’s efficient and my unit tests all in green
When I have learned from code reviews and lint reports are always neat
When my while is pure and just needs a closing brace addition…

And will strictly synchronize those threads else block that or race condition! 

When in matters of G.Boole their truth false character-binary
Break as for def and with and their bit-wise constant, finally,
But still, in matters in abstract recursive computational
We’ll elif out this very model of the modern code, in general.
